You can't wrap fire with paper.
When you bow, bow low.
When a rat wants to die, it bites a cat's tail.
A single hair can hide mountains.
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish.
A good man in an evil society seems the greatest villain of all.
Below the navel is neither religion nor truth.
A fallen lighthouse is more dangerous than a reef.
What you cannot avoid, welcome.
Visiting friends is easier than living with them.
Fortune seldom repeats, but troubles do.
Dead songbirds make a sad meal.
Pain is only weakness leaving the body.
Not every day can be a feast of lanterns.
One grows most tired when standing still.
Careful feet can tread anywhere.
Too much enthusiasm betrays a lack of it.
If you want a thing long enough, you don't.
A tree grown in the wind has strong roots.
It's better to be a live beggar than a dead king.
Pain is easier to endure than an itch.
Ragged hats hide many good faces.
Those arriving in darkness depart at nightfall.
Those who hide their faults plan to make more.
The older the ginger, the more it bites.
If you chase two rabbits, you'll catch neither.
He who hurries cannot walk with dignity.
Crisis is opportunity in a dangerous wind.
Far waters cannot quench near fires.
Defeat isn't bitter if not swallowed.
Doctors are careless about their own health.
One murder makes a villain, millions a hero.
Clumsy birds seek early flight.
Don't hit a dog with a sausage.
Don't insult the crocodile until you've crossed the river.
Toast bread but don't toast your hand.
Talk does not cook rice.
There are no secrets in the world.
Use power to curb power.
Arrogance always loses the battle.
Better to be quarreling than lonesome.
Dream different dreams on the same bed.
Treat thoughts as guests and wishes as children.
If a child is uneducated, blame his parents.
Three glasses of wine end a thousand quarrels.
Desperate men will leap a wall.
Courtesy never offended anybody.
He that will steal an egg will steal an ox.
Don't walk in the sun if your head is made of wax.
Those with one leg never stumble.
If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys.
When you hear hoofbeats, think horses, not zebras.
More than polite is rude.
The rich fight with the poor's might.
A hasty man drinks his tea with a fork.
Enough is as good as a feast.
Appear like a god and disappear like a phantom.
Where a chest lies open, a righteous man may sin.
An ant may destroy a dam.
Never dine in a restaurant with a thin chef.
If you have something to say, say it tomorrow.
If you want an audience, start a fight.
The first time's a favour, the second a rule.
Falling into the ditch makes you wiser.
Be polite with one who can help you.
Beautiful flowers grow from mud.
A just cause seen but not pursued is cowardice.
A bad spouse is one hundred years of bad harvest.
Quiet rivers have flowery banks.
Those who cannot boast cannot succeed.
Don't open a shop unless you like to smile.
He who dies with the most toys is still dead.
All the world's crows are black.
For every wiseman, there are ten thousand idiots.
Be just before you're generous.
Faded ink is truer than the best memory.
Politeness wins the confidence of princes.
After victory, tighten your helmet.
The door to charity is heavy.
None know a son like his father.
Gold is tested by fire and man by gold.
Poverty and ugliness are difficult to hide.
A bucket shop profits when the wind blows.
A heart in love with beauty never grows old.
Water bears and sinks ships.
Nuts come to those with no teeth.
In shallow holes, moles make fools of dragons.
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Even a rabbit will bite when cornered.
Mockery is a work of slander.
He who builds by the road has many surveyors.
You can't hide an elephant with a lotus leaf.
Pouring water on hot stones changes little.
When a tree falls, monkeys scatter.
A blind cat catches only dead rats.
Wealthy are those with nothing to lose.
Dig the well before you're thirsty.
A courageous foe is better than a cowardly friend.
If you look good, watch your breath.
Losing comes of winning money.
Indulgences have more victims than swords.
Kill one soldier to warn a hundred.
A clear conscience never fears midnight knocking.
Those sleeping with dogs will rise with fleas.
An old horse may die in someone's keeping.
Patience is a bitter plant with sweet fruit.
No famous food is delicious.
An unseeded plant won't bud.
Flies don't visit eggs without cracks.
Don't cover your ears if you're stealing a bell.
There's no shame in asking those of lower status.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
All towers stand on the same ground.
One happiness scatters a thousand sorrows.
Watching men work takes little effort.
Talented hawks hide their nails.
Catch fish with two hands.
Two barrels of tears will not heal a bruise.
When you throw dirt, you lose ground.
Urge people to work, not to eat.
You have to walk before you can run.
Don't insult the cook if you're hungry.
Don't kindle a fire you can't put out.
Act as if no one was beside you.
If you want respect, respect yourself.
A rumour goes in one ear and out many mouths.
Knowing is easier than doing.
Hawks will not pick out hawks' eyes.
Diseases come on horseback, but steal away on foot.
The weak can never forgive.
Those who are thirsty dream of drinking.
Don't ride an elephant to catch a grasshopper.
Better a flawed diamond than a flawless pebble.
Doing may be a mistake, but not doing is a worse mistake.
If a string has one end, it has another.
Fear not going slowly, only standing still.
Knowledge is treasure no thief can touch.
Falling hurts least for low fliers.
If your words are worthless, don't give advice.
Measure your throat before you swallow a bone.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
A bird can only roost on one branch.
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
Don't let the falcon loose until you see the hare.
Some prefer carrots and some prefer cabbage.
A tiger-rider can never dismount.
Solving one problem keeps a hundred at bay.
The best soldiers are not warlike.
Two leaps per chasm is fatal.
When you trip, don't blame your foot.
Diamonds must be cut to become jewelry.
Don't keep each foot on a different boat.
Study a drunkard to stop drinking.
Trees are planted by ancestors.
An obscure style is a blind mirror.
Conversation is a mirror for thought.
Shame is forgotten but debts are not.
The mind is the emperor of the body.
Everyone pushes a falling fence.
The bottom of a lighthouse is dark.